freaking dragon ology freaking
dragonology will be the master dragon
allah just dragonology the game well I'm
guessing it's a game and seriously yeah
what else look at this it says parents
choice approved if that means it's a
child-friendly game okay let's get it
out this maghen snarky fire-breathing
dragons like Eragon look at this kick
nuts dice it's the boys from the Fonz
and there's a guy with a whip you know
he's gonna do with that whip tonight
here's the cards for these cards the
weird feet take it dragons on all right
I'm getting frisky what's open this game
let's start playing dude I'm so excited
for dragonology look at this Snuggie
it's a record sheet for to see who wins
well I'm sure no one's gonna play that
much games they fills the paper Steve
we've only played once and our sister
beat us at Dragon ecology she sucks
why'd she be Mia dragonology gosh okay
here's the board for Dragon ecology
isn't that pretty cool though look at
the Dragons on that cracker just amazing
giant yeah which moves the game wall
because it is kinda alright we picked on
our characters and I picked the guy who
you know what he's gonna be doing
tonight with his whip
would you picks nerdy I picked the Fonz
oh he's hit the point of this game is to
go across the board
beating just fighting these dragons
sounds pretty nerdy huh what is dragons
it's like you meet up with another
person
you're gonna battle and we're gonna show
you these epic battle yes
if you
it up with a person usually in real life
they would fight but trust me it's a lot
more epic than this
okay ready for this epic thing it's
wrong it's lame
what is play I thought we were playing
rock paper scissors don't look like two
flame called I mean it's cool because
it's like action II that's exactly why
we call this a nerdy game cuz they
changed rock-paper-scissors to flame
claw
two out of three dude okay Snuggie go
ahead and roll the dice would you gets
nerd I got dragon I was dragging I mean
I mean you could fight two dragons at
the same time I was like you know either
dragon like I'm tighter so I turn to
Rocky and I fight the pollen guy I don't
respond to that at all but okay um I'm
just kidding
dragon that means you skip a turn ha cuz
the dragons are watching you come on
dragon oh gosh why don't I keep getting
dragon I oh I could just poke myself
twice you got 11 I got a dragon you
capture the dragon ah
so help me snarky so help me I might
poke you that was really nerdy of me but
I did I will poke you please don't
that's right I poked them alright now
it's time for poop Rus terms Cooper got
a 10 let's go um a snarky think mom's
calling you okay yep huh
give me another dragon both see he's
down
right now I'm cheating 36 rotting
ecology this kids for yeah can i play
no you don't want to play don't tell
snarky but I'm beyond keen on the game
sheet well I do and tell us they're
gonna come back
hey snarky when you were gone I like
captured like five different dragons
does it make sense how they work out you
cheat no I mean I rolled the dice once
and this is I got this car that says
this card right here said you get five
free dragons it says get out of jail
free card
Oh way this is for monopoly yeah okay
that's enough of that game I'm done
playing it and turns out I won because
of that you know I get five dragons free
card and it ends up I caught all other
dragons and I didn't cheat okay it's
nerdy what would you rate dragonology
would you rate this this game's not
great
yes and if anybody out there owns it I'm
sure you don't own dragonology because
because I don't I don't see anybody
owning it yes yeah
so I'll give it two stars because
because it has neo dragons and has that
tooth flame claw thing that's just
amazing
alright see you this is koopa snarky
reviews and check out our other reviews
and check out the game my wife on cooper
dies